well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're going to talk about
the nomination and the first amendment
i waited to make this video this news
broke a while ago
and i've just been kind of mulling it
over because i was worried that i was
overreacting
and the more i thought about it the more
i realized no i am not overreacting
not at all if you don't know
barrett who is up for a lifetime
appointment on the supreme court
was asked to name the five freedoms
protected
by the first amendment she couldn't
that's it the hearings are over that's
it
this uh this isn't a little thing
i know some people well it just slipped
her mind
okay sure let's put this in any other
context
you go apply mcdonald's and you don't
know that bread
is part of a hamburger you're not going
to get the job
you go to be a mechanic and you don't
know that there's a cooling system
you're not going to get the job this is
an
interview for the highest court in the
land the sole job of which
is to interpret the constitution
how can she interpret the constitution
if she doesn't know what's in it
this isn't an entry level position where
there's on-the-job training
this is a lifetime appointment to the
supreme court she was asked
point blank what what freedoms the first
amendment protected
and she couldn't answer she couldn't
answer
and for the record to the talking heads
out there you
you don't have a right um to receive
redress
that's not what that says even in the
discussion
after the question that she failed
the media is not even getting it right
you don't have a right for redress
you have a right to petition for a
redress of grievances
you have a right to ask you don't have a
right to have your
problem remedied that that's not what
the constitution says
if the media and supreme court justices
can't answer basic questions about the
constitution that might be
why that might be why it's constantly
misinterpreted this isn't a little thing
this needs to be the end of the hearings
she is unfit for the supreme court
period um
there's no other way to spend this this
is go or no go pass
or fail you can't identify basic things
that she should have learned in civics
i cannot understand why the hearings
didn't end
at that moment that's it
there's nothing more to be said on this
subject
she doesn't have the base qualifications
for the job
what she would do in a certain case
doesn't matter
her stances don't matter
she doesn't know the constitution well
enough
to have the job that's it that's the
base qualification
if you're going to interpret the
constitution you have to know what's in
it
and she doesn't
there's i don't see any reason to go
forward with this
and anybody who votes to confirm
isn't doing it because they believe
she's qualified
because if you can't answer the basic
questions about the constitution
you can't interpret it any vote to
confirm
is really just a vote for party
knowingly
giving somebody a lifetime appointment
that isn't qualified
knowingly subverting the constitution
because there's no way that she can
accurately interpret it
if she doesn't know what's in it
i don't think i'm overreacting on this i
think this is one of those past fell
moments you're pregnant or you're not
she doesn't know what's in it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day